dramas.se
-(Episode 18) -Mister, please make a u-turn. Hurry!
I don't want to ever come to this pathetic house
again, so you better get away from my son.
Goodness! How dare you bewitch my kind grandson?
Let's go, mom.
Awful wench.
Shin-ae!
What happened? Who did this to your face?
Did my mom do this?
Answer me.
I don't want to show this side of me to you.
Please just go.
Answer me! Who did this to you?
Shin-ae? Shin-ae!
You're okay now.
Don't worry about anything.
Hey, Mi-poong works in the marketing department.
I'll take care of her from now on, so don't you worry about anything.
Bang Sung-sik.
It isn't a coincidence that he became Mi-poong's director.
I dare him to touch one hair on her.
I won't forgive him.
Mi-poong, what did the director say? Why did he want to meet you separately?
Mi-poong, do you know the director personally?
No, that's not it.
He's the friend of someone I know, and I met him coincidentally.
He found out that I worked here and just called me
over to say hi. He didn't say anything important.
That's all?
Yes, that's all! Really!
Hello, everyone!
I'm Bang Sung-sik, the new marketing director of Winner's Group.
Hello. I'm Kim Bo-young, the section chief of the third marketing team.
Yes, I know very well of your great reputation.
Winner's Group couldn't go on without you.
I'm flattered.
Wow. You're very modest, too. I look forward to working with you.
Me, too.
In that sense, I would like to buy all of you dinner.
Are all of you free?
-Yes! -We'd love that!
Wow, Ms. Kim.
The third marketing team is very alive! Just look at their eyes! They're very excited!
I'll be seeing all of you later, all right?
-Yes, we'll definitely come! -Of course!
We'll sing and dance, too!
-Go ahead and keep working. -All right.
Let's work.
Ms. Kim...
What is it, Mi-poong? Do you have something to tell me?
I'm sorry, but can I miss out on tonight's company dinner?
Why? Is there an emergency at home?
There's no emergency, but...
If it's not an emergency, make sure you participate.
Company dinners are an extension of work.
On top of that, the director arranged this
special dinner to cheer on our marketing team.
What if you weren't there? He'll doubt our teamwork.
Yes, I understand, Ms. Kim.
Then you're coming with us, okay?
Out of all people, why did he have to become the director?
-Where are we going? -I'll take care of that. You just have to have fun.
Don't worry about that.
Hey, Ha-yeon.
You must be going to a company dinner.
Yes, to cheer on the third marketing team.
What about you guys?
Us, too.
Not a date?
Think however you like.
All right then. You two have fun on your date. Let's go, everyone.
-Yes. -Yes.
Cheers to the third marketing team!
-Cheers! -Cheers!
Sit down.
Mr. Bang, you should say something.
Oh, me? May I?
All of you will know very well who I am.
The eldest son of Winner Group's president Bang Soon-Nam.
Winner Group's heir!
But I am not a hard person at all!
I know how to say sorry when I make mistakes!
Once our paths cross, I will go with you until the end!
Bang Sung-sik!
Now, now.
If you keep helping me out, I will never forget you!
In that sense, I will sing a song.
"Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry."
"I, I, I first for you, for you, for you I fell, fell, fell, fallen baby."
"Shawty, shawty, shawty, shawty. Eyes are blinding, blinding, blinding.
Breath is stifled, stifled, stifled. I'm going crazy, crazy baby."
"Inside the gaze, inside the gaze that stares back at me.
It's as if I'm, as if I'm a guy bewitched by something."
"I can't even escape it now."
-"The way you look, the way you look when you
walk over." -Ms. Kim, I'm going to the restroom!
"Wherever you go, you confidently smile, your attractiveness. So much
that people can't change their mind about it. I've fallen for you."
"Sorry sorry sorry sorry. Eyes are blinding, blinding, blinding..."
I'm at a place where you drink and sing songs.
I'll come home as soon as this is over.
Come on, mom. I'm not a little kid.
Okay. I'll be careful, so don't worry.
Hey, Mi-poong.
Did you go to the restroom?
Yes.
That was a song I sang for you as a means of apology.
You left without listening to the whole thing, so I was upset.
Pardon?
You'll come to realize that I'm different from two-faced people.
They must be waiting for us.
Just one more thing.
We'll have to keep seeing each other at work from now on.
What would other people think if you were wary and awkward with me?
It won't be easy, but let's forget about what happened last time.
I'll make an effort.
I hope you will, too.
How about it?
I'll show you my sincerity through actions rather than words.
Okay?
What do you think?
I'll go in now.
She's natural.
Natural.
I like natural things like sea squirts, sea cucumbers, rock-fish, and abalones.
Jang-go.
Huh?
Are you waiting for a call?
No.
The pasta is good, right?
Yeah, it is.
Let's have some wine, too.
Let's not drink.
Oh. Okay.
Um, Ha-yeon...
About the mistake I made last time when I was drunk...
Did I really do that?
I don't remember. I can't believe I did something like that.
Then are you saying that I lied?
That's not it.
I'm not trying to make an excuse. I really can't remember.
Is it because you feel burdened to buy me dinner and drinks to make up for kissing me?
No, it's not like that.
You keep spacing out.
It's no fun eating with a man who doesn't pay attention to me.
Wait, Hee-dong...
It's fine.
You have me now.
So just trust me and stay by my side.
Got it?
Father.
Grandfather.
Hee-dong.
Who...?
She's my girlfriend.
Your girlfriend?
So this old man is the owner of that 100 million dollar inheritance.
I'm going to marry Shin-ae.
Grandfather, father, and mom...
please give us permission.
Jo Hee-dong! I told you that you can't get married to her!
Honey.
Hee-dong, I already talked to you, so what are you doing?
You! How can you disrespect my words and go along with this nonsense?
I can't allow this to happen! I will never give you permission!
Mother.
Would I oppose for no reason?
She's an orphan! She didn't go to college either!
There's a limit to everything! I'm not opposing for no reason at all!
Is that why you made her face this way?
Because she's an orphan?
Did you make her face this way because she only graduated high school?
Oh my goodness.
Hey...
I didn't do that!
You didn't?
I know everything you did with grandmother at her house. I saw everything.
No, no, no. That's not it. Chung-ja and I were
angry, so we did go to her house and break things,
but we never laid a hand on her. We're telling the truth.
Chung-ja did grab her hair, but she didn't hit her. I'm serious.
I'm sorry. I'll apologize on her behalf.
No.
I'm sorry, mother.
I'm sorry I'm such a lacking person.
Father, I'm sorry. Grandfather, I'm sorry.
I'm going to leave home.
I'll come back when you give us permission.
-Let's go, Shin-ae. -Hee-dong.
Hee-dong, no! Honey, why are you just sitting there? Hee-dong!
-He's leaving with that witch! Do something and stop him! -Chung-ja, you!
Aren't you being too harsh?
Pardon?
There's no one in this world who wants to be an orphan.
No one lives a poor life because they want to!
Father!
If she has a terrible personality, there's nothing we can do about it.
But must you be so spiteful about her being an orphan who has nothing?
If you're an adult...
If you're really a parent...
you should be kind to her for your child's sake.
I don't mind if my son brings a poor woman as his wife.
I just wish I had such a child. I would have no other wish then.
We need to talk.
What do we do? What if I get kicked out? What do I do?
Are you a gangster? Why would you hit someone?
I really didn't lay a hand on her face!
Honey, please believe me.
Do you think that makes sense?
You broke her things and grabbed her hair, but you didn't lay a hand on her face?
Then who made her face like that?
How would I know that?
I really didn't do that.
She was kind enough to let it go!
You have no excuses even if you go to jail for assault!
How can you make a woman's face Ike that?
I really didn't do that.
Enough!
Get them married!
This is ridiculous!
What do I do? Who on earth did this?
Hey!
What did Dal-ho say? Is he very angry?
Dal-ho said to get Hee-dong married.
Why did you hit her like that?
You just had to hit her on the face out of all places. Everyone can see it now.
Mom, I really didn't do that!
You were with me, too!
I did grab her hair, but I didn't lay a hand on her face!
Did you do that to her?
Oh my goodness!
Why are you blaming me? All I did was break her things!
I don't know! What do I do now?
Because of her face, you and I ended up as ignorant bullies,
and she gets to marry Hee-dong with pity points from father and Dal-ho.
Mom, what can I do?
So are you going to get them married?
Are you crazy? I'd rather die!
Oh my goodness.
What on earth is going on?
She's not home yet?
(Little Tadpole)
The person you are trying to reach is unavailable.
Why isn't she picking up?
Hurry up!
-Mr. Bang, we had a good time. Thank you.
Mr. Kim, you'll take us out often like this, right?
Of course.
So the last course is...taking all of you safely home.
Get in.
Really? Thank you, sir! Yes!
Excuse me.
Mi-poong, get in.
No, it's okay. I'm going to meet someone.
Who would you meet at this hour?
Just get in.
I'm fine. I'll be going now.
See you tomorrow, everyone. See you tomorrow, Ms. Kim.
Okay then. See you tomorrow.
Hey, Kim Mi-poong!
What happened? Why didn't you pick up your phone? Didn't you
see my message? Do you know how much I was worried about you?
What's wrong?
Something happened, huh?
Did Sung-sik do something to you?
Nothing happened.
Really? Are you sure nothing happened?
Do you want something to happen?
Why are you panicking?
Of course I would be!
Anyways, I'm glad nothing happened.
If Sung-sik tries something funny on you or
bothers you again, let me know. I'll scold him.
I'm more bothered by your behavior.
What?
I'm bothersome?
Yes. Mind your own business.
If he bothers me, I'll take care of him myself.
She hates it when I worry about her.
How can she say those things when I've been waiting for her all this time?
Fine! Fine! You're on your own now!
Mr. Kim and Dal-ho didn't even glance at the breakfast you made and just left.
The green vegetable juice you had made for Mr. Kim is still in his room, too.
Really?
I think he lost all interest in you after seeing that woman's face last night.
Mom, she's a fox.
She's a fox with nine tails.
How can she make me like this overnight?
That's why the more you try to oppose them, the more of an outcast you'll be.
Surrender, okay?
And if I do? You want me to accept that fox as my daughter-in-law?
If not, what will you do?
If you don't give them permission, Hee-dong is bound
to cut off ties with you and never come back home.
What do I do?
I want to die.
But Chung-ja...
after thinking carefully about this all night,
I don't think this she is so horrible after all.
She's pathetic. How is she not horrible?
Yes! Later on, Mr. Kim's 100-million-dollar inheritance will belong to Hee-dong!
What if Hee-dong had in-laws who cling onto him for money?
Then obviously, Hee-dong and all that money will go to his in-laws.
But she's an orphan!
She's an orphan you don't have to share anything with!
Hee-dong, what are you doing?
Oh, hold on!
Don't move!
This is your breakfast.
Thank you.
It's French toast. I looked up the recipe online. Hurry up and try it.
I think it'll be delicious.
Who is it?
-Who is it? -Hee-dong, it's me.
Mom!
I came, too!
Hold on! Grandma!
Please get out so she can wear her clothes. Please! Get out!
-All right. -Okay.
Hurry!
Mom, did you see Hee-dong?
Of course I did. I have eyes, too.
Mom, Hee-dong never even made ramen before. I raised him that way!
But how dare that pathetic girl act like she's some sort of princess! She's
in bed getting breakfast while he's wearing an apron and cooking for her!
Do I still have to put up with this?
If you don't want to cut ties with Hee-dong, you must put up with
it. We came all the way here. Are you going to ruin everything?
You can come in now.
All right.
Um, hi.
Good morning! Did we come too early?
Hello.
Hold it in. Are you going to mess this up?
Didn't you come here because you had something to say?
Yes, we did, but your mom must not be able to say anything.
Just hurry up and say it.
Hee-dong, let me ask you one thing.
Go ahead.
If I don't give you permission to marry her, will you really...
not come home and cut off ties with me?
Yes.
I'm almost thirty years old. I should live my own life now.
Until now, I lived with you...
but I'm going to live the rest of my life with Shin-ae.
Fine. Fine.
Get married. Get married.
Really?
Are you giving us permission to get married?
Yes, I am, so come home!
Your grandfather and father gave you permission, too, so stop upsetting your mom!
Thank you, mother and grandmother.
Hold on, mom.
When Shin-ae and I get married, we'll all be living under the same roof now, so I
don't think there should be any hard feelings between you us.
Grandmother and mother, while you're giving us permission to get
married, please apologize to Shin-ae for your behaviors, too.
What did you say?
If you apologize, I'll come home.
Stop it. I'm fine, Hee-dong. No, I'm fine.
Mom.
Fine.
You jerk.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
I'm sorry. Happy now?
I'm sorry, too. Happy now?
Jerk!
Chung-ja!
He's a jerk! A jerk!
You jerk!
Hello? This is Kim Bo-young.
Why is the personnel team calling me?
What? Kim Mi-poong?
All right.
I'll do that.
Ms. Kim, what's wrong?
Ms. Kim Mi-poong?
Yes, Ms. Kim?
Starting from today, you'll be the director's secretary.
Pardon? Me?
Why am I becoming his secretary? Did I do something wrong?
Are you pretending not to know about this?
No! I really didn't know about this!
Hello.
The personnel team called you, right?
Yes, just now.
I'm sorry. I should have asked for permission from you
and the members of the third marketing team beforehand.
I had to go through the process, so I was late.
I'm trying to understand my job better, so I need some helping hands.
That's why I would like Mi-poong to work as my secretary for
the time being. All of you are okay with that, aren't you?
This is all for Winner's Group.
Well, we have no choice.
Thank you.
Mi-poong, what are you doing? Hurry up and move your things.
Have a good day.
Mi-poong, follow Mr. Bang's order.
Okay.
Yes, come in.
Oh, hi. What is it?
Well, Mr. Bang...
can't you send me back to the marketing team?
I've never been a secretary before...
and it hasn't been long since I started working
here, so I don't think I'll be of much help to you.
Ms. Kim Mi-poong,
do you think work is some kind of playground?
I did this because I had a plan for it. Do you think I'm foolish?
-No, that's not it... -I'll be the one to judge if you'll be helpful or not.
You must not know because you lack social life, but you can't
maneuver your work life in the direction you want to go.
And the secretary's office is the core of our
company. You'll be working on very important tasks.
Take responsibility and focus on your work.
Okay, I understand.
You may leave.
Charisma! Amazing! How can she not fall for me?
Follow me.
Pardon? To where?
Just follow me. From now on, you and I are a needle and a thread!
Jang-go went into a big law firm. He should buy a new suit.
He only wears these two suits all year long.
This won't do.
I need to meet him at lunch and go shop with him for a new suit.
Hi, Ha-yeon.
Ms. Hwang, do you have time today?
Let's eat lunch with Jang-go.
How did you read my mind and call at the right time?
I was just about to meet up with him for lunch and go shop for his new suit.
Really?
Then let's eat lunch and then go shop for his suit together.
Okay! I'll get ready and come over!
Wow! This looks nice!
This one looks nice!
Mr. Bang, I don't need these clothes.
Come on, Mi-poong.
We didn't come here to shop for your clothes. We came
here to shop for clothes for the secretary's office.
The secretary's office is like the face of the company.
If you look grubby, then what would I look like?
And this will all be paid for by the company card, so don't feel burdened.
Then I'll make sure to dress nicely.
I told you. I'm not buying you clothes because I like you.
We came here to buy the company's uniform.
Haven't you heard the saying: "fashion is strategy, too?"
Your fate and the company's face can change depending on what clothes you wear.
I'll teach you all about marketing, so don't
feel burdened. Pretend we're studying, okay?
Wow! This is perfect!
What are you doing? Go try it on in the fitting room.
Hurry! Hurry1
Where is the fitting room?
We can buy his suit first and then eat lunch here. What do you think?
That sounds great. You have time, right?
I told you I don't need to buy a suit.
I want to buy you a suit.
Okay. Then let's go buy something for you first.
No, I'm fine!
My Mi-poong is really all natural.
Excuse me?
What I meant is that...you look very nice.
You deserve to work in the secretary's office!
Who's this?
Sung-sik?
Hey, Ha-yeon.
Hey, Lee Jang-go.
Oh, my. This man must be the one who gave her the bouquet last time.
But who...?
She's Jang-go's mother.
I see. Hello, ma'am. I'm Jang-go's college friend Bang Sung-sik.
I see.
But what are the three of you doing here?
We came to find a suit for Jang-go.
Kim Mi-poong, what are you doing here with this punk?
No, I just...
How can you call me "punk" when your mother is here?
-Jang-go... -Jang-go.
I asked you what you were doing here!
What are you doing?
Jang-go, what's wrong?
-Jang-go! -Jang-go!
-Bye. -Jang-go.
My gosh. He's really ridiculous.
So he bought her the bouquet last time, and he's buying her clothes today.
So it was him.
But Ha-yeon told me he's the son of Winner's Group's president.
Goodness. Mi-poong is so skillful.
How did she manage to seduce such a guy?
That family would never allow their son to marry a North Korean girl.
What do you call this?
Leeching off a wealthy man?
My goodness.
-Oh! You call that a sponsor, right? A sponsor! -Mom!
Oh, my.
Oh!
Jang-go! Jang-go, what's wrong?
Let go!
I said let go of me!
What are you doing?
What about you? What's all this?
Are you crazy?
Why would you accept these from him?
Are you a bum? Do you have no pride?
These shoes and clothes mean nothing.
So?
Are you going to date him?
Why does it matter to you what I receive and who I meet?
Why should you care?
What?
Why should I care?
Fine.
You're telling me not to care, right?
From now on...
I...
won't be your friend anymore.
I won't care who you meet and what you do.
Happy now?
Sorry for bothering you.
Jang-go!
-Mi-poong! -Jang-go!
What do you call this? Leeching off a wealthy man?
My goodness.
-Oh! You call that a sponsor, right? A sponsor! -Mom!
I admit my words were a bit harsh, but there was no reason for him to get so angry!
He never did that to me before.
Does he like Mi-poong?
No way.
It seemed like things were working out well between Ha-yeon and him.
Mom.
I'm sorry about yesterday.
No, my words were harsh.
I shouldn't have said such things about her.
I'll be careful from now on.
I'm going now.
-Aren't you going to eat breakfast? -No.
Gosh.
What's this? Because of one girl, we fought and we're drifting apart.
Goodness!
Wow! Your company bought all of this for you.
Yes.
It hasn't been long since you started working there, and yet, you're
getting acknowledged and being promoted to becoming a secretary.
I'm so proud of you!
Mom, are you that happy?
Of course. Even in North Korea, secretary positions are
only given to those who are the most trusted and skilled.
Not anyone can be a secretary.
Why?
You don't like being a secretary?
Mom, the truth is...
you know Bang Sung-sik, the man who brought a bouquet to our house?
Yes.
He's my company's director.
I'm his secretary.
What?
Hello.
How many customers came today?
About ten?
Ten is ten. Eleven is eleven.
What's so vague about that?
Pardon?
Is it ten people? Nine people? Eleven people?
Is that so important?
It is.
Everything starts from the minor details.
If you keep being vague like that, big problems will occur in the future.
I really dislike vague things.
Last time, you told me that all I had to do was
be friendly to customers and not rip them off.
Those were special rules.
These are basic rules.
Why? Do you have a problem with me asking you to be clear?
No.
Starting from tomorrow, I'll write down exactly how many customers come.
Good.
Good luck then.
There are so many weird people in this world.
What a weirdo.
Gosh, these are so pretty, too.
My hubby is perfect...
but why doesn't he have any money?
Is that my hubby?
What's this?
What?
What? "Please come and congratulate the marriage of Jo Hee-dong and Park Shin-ae?"
Hey, Jo Hee-dong, are you bored? What's this?
What?
It's real?
You're not joking? You're really getting married?
Mom! Mom, where are you? Mom!
Mom, how can you do this?
Mom, how can you let Hee-dong get married? Let me get married, too!
Hee-ra. Hee-ra, your mom is very upset and sick right now, so-
I don't care!
I want to have a wedding, too!
Divorce him.
Then I'll let you have a wedding.
What?
I'm asking you for a wedding, but you're telling me to get a divorce?
Yes.
If you get divorced, I'll get you married to an even better man...
so get divorced.
If I come to see you again, I'll be No Hee-ra instead of Jo Hee-ra.
I'm not scared.
You're not my daughter, so don't come here anymore.
Goodness! You should have gone easy on her!
-Hee-ra! -Goodness. How can they both be like this?
They're my enemies, not my kids.
Goodness.
Is that true? Your brother is getting married?
Yes. They already got a wedding hall, and they're going to go on a honeymoon, too.
It's going to happen next week.
Is that true?
Yes.
They're only going to give Hee-dong a wedding and not me. How can they do this?
My brother must be the only child they have.
They must really have thrown me away.
Come on. That can't be true, Hee-ra.
Children aren't tissues you blow into and throw away.
Your mom is just angry. I'm sure that's not the case.
So stop crying, okay, Hee-ra? Okay, sweetie?
Goodness.
Should we go to the wedding or not?
They're still our in-laws, so we must go.
Regardless of what they think, we should still go congratulate them.
That way, we'll feel more comfortable, too.
They'll obviously treat us like leftover rice.
Oh, my. You were just crying a moment ago. Where are you going now?
To meet my dad. He called and said he wants to meet me.
I think he's going to give us a wedding, too!
I already forgave you in my heart.
Then why aren't you giving me a wedding?
You're only doing it for Hee-dong.
While watching Hee-dong prepare for his wedding,
I thought a lot about you.
I'm sorry.
No.
I'm sorry, dad.
I hurt you and made you angry.
Some time after Hee-dong's wedding, I'll persuade your mom
somehow, and we'll let you have a beautiful wedding, too.
So don't be too upset and live well.
That's why I wanted to meet you today.
Dad!
Yes, my daughter.
But dad, is Hee-dong's wife pretty?
She is. She's kind, too.
But no matter how pretty and kind she is,
you can't love her more than you love me, or I'll really hate you then.
No matter how much I love my daughter-in-law, I won't love her as much as I love you.
But now that Hee-dong is getting married, don't
call him informally in front of your sister-in-law.
Depends on the way he acts.
And no matter what your mom says, come by the house often.
That way, she'll forgive you.
All right.
Little brat.
Dad.
Can you make me a credit card?
Ask mom.
No monetary gifts will be accepted. Just come and congratulate us.
Congratulations, Mr. Jo.
-Here you go. -Congratulations!
Give me one, too! Goodness! He's finally getting married! Congratulations!
Ms. Joo.
I don't know who she is, but she's a very blessed one.
She gets to have a nice father-in-law like you.
I didn’t know I would be so happy to get a daughter-in-law.
Since my son likes her, so do I.
I see. Congratulations.
Thank you.
Mom, you're watching me, right?
I survived, just like I promised you I would.
I'm getting married tomorrow.
He will be your son-in-law.
He's a golden rope for me.
I will never let go of this golden rope.
Mom, from now on, I'm going to live a good life.
I'll live well for your sake, too.
Shin-ae, what's wrong?
I'm so happy.
This feels like a happy dream.
What kind of dream is this?
Why does she have to appear in my dream before the wedding? Such bad luck!
This was just a silly dream!
Congratulations.
-Congratulations. -Thank you.
-Thank you. -Thank you.
Chung-ja!
-I heard your daughter-in-law is beautiful! -You're so lucky!
What's wrong?
Let's hurry up and go in.
Over there!
Grandmother and mother, they're over there.
Grandmother and mother, this is my dad.
-Hello. -Congratulations.
Thank you.
Hee-dong, congratulations on your marriage!
Thanks for coming.
Is that true?
Yes! I heard that Chung-ja was so hard on her daughter-in-law for being an orphan!
I can just imagine that. I feel so bad.
I don't know who her parents were, but they must be so heartbroken in heaven.
I know. They're going to get married anyways, so she might as well be nice about it.
I know.
But is that old man Chung-ja's elder?
He must be the one with the 100 million dollar inheritance.
Oh my gosh. He's so vigorous, and he has a sturdy appearance as well.
If I was only ten years younger, I would've flirted with him.
Mother!
But he looks so healthy. He'll live to be over a hundred years old.
Poor Chung-ja. She hates that "100-Year-Life" song so much.
Goodness!
What's the use of getting that money when you're old? What will you do with it?
Shin-ae, this is my younger sister Jo Hee-ra.
And this is her husband Lee Jang-soo.
Hello.
Yes. Hello.
Your wedding dress is pretty.
Okay, shall we take a picture?
All right. Let's take a picture.
Smile! One-
One, two, three!
-The groom has to get ready. -Hee-dong, hurry up and go!
-See you in a bit. -See you later.
Congratulations.
We shall commence the wedding of Jo Hee-dong and Park Shin-ae.
Groom and bride, please enter.
You look cool!
Mom, you're watching me right now, aren't you?
(Blow Breeze)
Groom and bride, please enter.
You ungrateful beast!
I'm sorry, Seung-hee!
I'll never forgive you.
Do you promise to love me forever?
I got a good golden rope!
She used her body to become the secretary?
Leave your evening free. You need to go somewhere with me.
Lee Jang-go! Let's see for how much longer you can be so confident.
You don't have to pay me back. Just take this money and please move somewhere else.
dramas.se